# double_well_mean_field codes

This is a code repository for the paper Mean-field theory for double-well systems on degree-heterogeneous networks. Please cite the following paper:
Prosenjit Kundu, Neil G. MacLaren, Hiroshi Kori and Naoki Masuda. Mean-field theory for double-well systems on degree-heterogeneous networks. Preprint: arXiv:2205.11592

The code is a mix of MATLAB and R code. Prosenjit Kundu developed MATLAB codes and Neil G. MacLaren developed the R codes. A small piece of python code is also used to generate Holme-Kim networks. The codes produce the numerical results shown as the figures in the paper.

Figures 1 is generated by running Figure1.m.

Panel (a), (b), (c) and (d) of figure 2 and 4 can be generated using the code figure2abcd.m by changing the networks and parameters.
Data of panel (e), (f), (g) and (h) of figure 2 and 4 and figure 3 can be generated using figure2part_3part.m by changing the networks inside the code. Detailed instructions can be found inside the code. While running the codes all the functions provided here should be placed in the same folder.

Figure 5 can be generated using the R code provided inside the folder ‘multistate_transition’. Download the whole folder to run the code. The code to run the simulations and generate the figures is in the .R files. Simulation run results are available as `.rda` files in the `./data` directory. The simulations depend on `igraph`. To run the simulations, change the `run_simulation` to `TRUE`; otherwise, the stored `.rda` files will be used to build the figures presented in the paper. Networks necessary for this analysis were drawn from the `networkdata` package and are stored as `.rda` files under `./data/networks`.
